this is what your marking mindset should
always be look I've been in digital
marketing for a really long time over 20
years and I've seen so many Trends come
and even go but do you know what's been
a constant the entire time I've been in
the game
the customer every single thing you do
should always be focused on not just
driving conversions for your brand but
actually offering major value to your
audience and do you want to know what
your customers really want these days
it's flexibility the pandemic change
everything so how can you meet your
audience on their terms and drive more
leads for your brands step one leverage
ugc content ugc stands for user
generated content show your audience
that they have every reason to trust
your brand sixty percent of people say
that the most authentic content is
created by customers so if you're
selling physical products have your
customers create unboxing videos If you
offer a service have your customers
create content on testimonials or even
reviews
these are all examples of creating
amazing content from your customers that
can help with conversions step two offer
a seamless online experience 68 of
customers say they are willing to pay
more for products and services from a
brand that offers a good service and
this makes sense would you really want
to buy products or services from a brand
that's not really known for providing
good service like just imagine this you
buy something you need help you need to
talk to them and you can't really ever
get a hold of them I remember I've been
a user for Comcast for years and Comcast
was known for one of the worst support
systems out there terrible service then
they end up rebranding to Xfinity
because their service and support was
just so bad and then eventually Netflix
and Disney plus and all these Solutions
came out and then now I don't need to
pay for Comcast
step 3 invest in reoccurring customers
investing in new customers from what
we've seen at our Ad Agency NP digital
is anywhere from five to almost 25 times
more expensive than retaining existing
ones so make sure you have upsells make
sure you're continually helping your
customers and you're doing whatever you
can for them not only create Good Word
of Mouth marketing for you but for them
to also come back and continue to buy
from you step four leverage analytics to
drive better service 72 percent of
companies believe that they can use
analytics reports to improve customer
experience
and why not because if your analytics
tells you this is where people are
bouncing off this is where they're
getting stuck might as well fix it you
can use tools like crazy egg to help you
solve these issues with your website so
that way you can improve your customer
experience
step five survey your audience eighty
percent of companies use satisfaction
scores to analyze and improve customer
experience so why not do the same you
can use tools like SurveyMonkey to
survey your audience for free figure out
what's wrong and fix it that's how you
can to improve your business now if you
want my team to help you do all this
plus more check out my Ad Agency NP
digital where we help companies grow if
you have any questions leave a comment
below I'll answer and help you out and
if you enjoy this video like it share it
tell the people about it subscribe to
the channel